“Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You’re gonna love it!” 
“Oh, I wish I could, but I don’t want to.” 
“Not just clean, ‘Monica clean’.” 
“Oh God. Can open. Worms everywhere!”
“Today, it’s like there’s rock bottom, 50 feet of crap, then me.” 
“I mean, sure. I have my bad days but then I remember what a cute smile I have.”
“I’m Chandler. I make jokes when I’m uncomfortable.”
Monica: “Phoebe, do you have a plan?” / Phoebe: “I don’t even have a pla.”
Monica: “Where have you been?” / Ross: “Emotional hell.” 
“I’m not great at the advice. Can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?”
“I am not a pushover.”
“I tell you, when I actually die, some people are gonna get seriously haunted.”
“You’re a strange kind of grown-up.”
“It’s okay. Sometimes things don’t work out the way you thought they would.”
“I just shouldn’t be allowed to make decisions anymore.”
“Let me think. Let me think. Oh, I don’t care.”
“I’ve got this uncontrollable need to please people.”
“You’re not alone. We don’t know where we’re going! You just gotta figure at some point, it’s all gonna come together.”
“When I first meet somebody, it’s usually panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.”
“I’m so happy, and not at all jealous!”
“It’s so hard to care when you’re this relaxed.”
“It’s always better to lie than to have the complicated discussion.”
“It’s a moo point. It’s like a cow’s opinion; it doesn’t matter. It’s moo.”
“I say more dumb things before 9am than most people say all day!”
“It’s Sunday. I don’t move on Sundays.”
“I’m a young woman, I have needs.”
“I’m a lone wolf. A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What’s a lone wolf gotta do to get a hug around here?!”
“I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me.”
“It’s so exhausting, waiting for death.”
“Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.”
“I’m a gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I’ve missed the last twelve hundred times.”
“I hope it’s still funny when you’re in hell.”
“I’m very wise, I know.”
“You’re my lobster.”
“He’s so pretty, I want to cry.” 
“You’re over me? When were you…under me?”
Joey: “How did the date go?” / Ross: “Great! I’m across the street, having sex right now.” 
“They can say you’re high maintenance, but it’s okay, because I like maintaining you.”
“I thought we were apart for a good reason, but then I suddenly realized there was no reason good enough to keep me from spending the rest of my life with you.”
“It’s you and me, alright? This is it.”
“We were on a break!”
“If you’re too afraid to be in a relationship, then don’t be in one.”
Chandler: “What’s wrong with her?” / Ross: “She’s not Rachel.”
“Until I was 25, I thought the response to ‘I love you’ was ‘Oh, crap.’”
“When I was growing up, I didn’t have a normal mom and dad or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now, I’m standing here today knowing that I have everything I’m ever going to need. You are my family.”
“Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.”
“I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I was ever going to have to do, but when I saw you walking down that aisle, I realized how simple it is. I love you.”
“It’s never taken you more than a shower to get over a relationship.”
“The way I feel about you, it’s like I finally understand what Lionel Richie has been singing about.”
“I’m hopeless and awkward and desperate for love!”
“Lately, I have been having thoughts, musings if you will…and maybe they’re crazy thoughts, but I’ve been thinking about us.”
“These are just feelings. They’ll go away.”
“A no-sex pact, huh? I seem to have one of those going with every woman in America.”
“You are so beautiful. You’re so kind. You’re so generous. You’re so wonderfully weird.”
“I’m gonna love you so much that no woman is ever gonna be good enough for you.”
Rachel: “No, you’re not an idiot, Ross. You’re a guy very much in love.” / Ross: “Same difference.”
“I turned to a friend for comfort and instead I found everything that I had been looking for my whole life.”
Joey: “What’s wrong buddy?” / Ross: “Somebody at work ate my sandwich.” 
“Brussels sprouts? That’s worse than no food.”
“You hung up on the pizza place? I don’t hang up on your friends.”
“Joey doesn’t share food!”
“Cheese: It’s milk that you chew.”
“I grew up with Monica. If you didn’t eat fast, you didn’t eat.”
“I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. And what’s opposite of man? Jam.”
“You ordered pizza without me?”
“I’m full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I’ll regret it.”
Joey: “What are we doing?” / Chandler: “Wasting our lives.” / Joey: “I meant for lunch.”
“Food? Oh, give me!”
“Well, the fridge broke, so I had to eat everything.”
“Here come the meat sweats.”
“We are dessert stealers. We are living outside the law.”
“Man, I’m starving. What was I thinking at dinner? ‘Do you want soup or salad?’ Both. Always order both.”
“I guess they weren’t as good friends as we are.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry, did my back hurt your knife?” 
“A promise between friends means never having to give a reason.” 
“I stepped up! She’s my friend and she needed help. And if I have to, I’d pee on any one of you!”
“Wow, we really are bit**es.”
“Oh, that’s okay. Girls tend not to like me.”
“Boyfriends and girlfriends will come and go, but this is for life.”
“You don’t have a TV? What’s all your furniture pointed at?”
Joey: “You didn’t cry when Bambi’s mom died?”/ Chandler: “Yes, it was so sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer.”
“How you doin?”
“Something is wrong with the left phalange.” 
“Unagi”
“I can’t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn’t make it to one of my piano recitals, but this he sees!”
“Pivot!”
“Look at me! I’m Chandler! Could I BE wearing any more clothes?”
Ross: “I went to that tanning place your wife suggested.” / Chandler: “Was that place the sun?” 
Janice: “What a small world.” / Chandler: “And yet I never run into Beyoncé.” 
“I want world peace. Oh, and bigger boobs!”
Cathy: “You have really great hair.” / Chandler: “Oh thanks I grow it myself!”
“Chandler watches shark porn!”
“Isn’t that just kick-you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?”
Monica: “I think I’d be great in a war. I’d, like, get all the medals.” / Chandler: “Before or after you’re executed by your own troops?”
“God, I love how sexy I am.”
“No, I’m a positive person. You’re like Santa Claus on Prozac in Disneyland getting laid.”
“They don’t know that we know they know we know.”
Ross: “Hello? Did you not read the Lord of the Rings in high school?” / Joey: “No, I had sex in high school.”
Phoebe: “Have you ever chased someone to the airport before?” / Ross: “Not since my cop show got canceled.”
“Guys can fake it? Unbelievable! The one thing that’s ours!”
